DOCS-1524: Add PID config to motors and bases (#2547)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/base/wheeled.md

| `wheel_circumference_mm` | int | **Required** | The outermost circumference of the drive wheels in millimeters. Used for odometry. Can be an approximation. |
| `width_mm` | int | **Required** | Width of the base in millimeters. In other words, the distance between the approximate centers of the right and left wheels. Can be an approximation. |
| `spin_slip_factor` | float | Optional | Can be used in steering calculations to correct for slippage between the wheels and the floor. If utilized, calibrated by the user. |

> | `control_parameters` | object | Optional | A JSON object containing the coefficients for the proportional, integrative, and derivative terms for linear and angular velocity. If you use `[ { "type": "linear_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 }, { "type": "angular_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 } ]`, `viam-server` auto-tunes the values and logs the values. To avoid retuning the control parameters constantly, copy the values from the log and add them to the configuration once tuned. For more information see [Control base velocity with a sensor](#control-base-velocity-with-a-sensor). |

Author: ```suggestion
| `control_parameters` | object | Optional | A JSON object containing the coefficients for the proportional, integrative, and derivative terms for linear and angular velocity. If you use `[ { "type": "linear_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 }, { "type": "angular_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 } ]`, `viam-server` auto-tunes the values and logs the values. Tuning takes several seconds and spins the motors. To avoid tuning every time the robot starts up, copy the values from the log and add them to the configuration once tuned. For more information see [Control base velocity with a sensor](#control-base-velocity-with-a-sensor). |
```

> | `control_parameters` | object | Optional | A JSON object containing the coefficients for the proportional, integrative, and derivative terms for linear and angular velocity. If you use `[ { "type": "linear_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 }, { "type": "angular_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 } ]`, `viam-server` auto-tunes the values and logs the values. Tuning takes several seconds and spins the motors. To avoid tuning every time the robot starts up, copy the values from the log and add them to the configuration once tuned. For more information see [Control base velocity with a sensor](#control-base-velocity-with-a-sensor). |

Author: ```suggestion
| `control_parameters` | object | Optional | A JSON object containing the coefficients for the proportional, integral, and derivative terms for linear and angular velocity. If you want these values to be auto-tuned, you can set all values to 0: `[ { "type": "linear_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 }, { "type": "angular_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 } ]`, and `viam-server` will auto-tune and logs the calculated values. Tuning takes several seconds and spins the motors. To avoid tuning every time the robot starts up, copy the values from the log and add them to the configuration once tuned. For more information see [Control base velocity with a sensor](#control-base-velocity-with-a-sensor). |
```

Reviewer: doesn't rly matter here because this section should be removed

> | `control_parameters` | object | Optional | A JSON object containing the coefficients for the proportional, integral, and derivative terms for linear and angular velocity. If you want these values to be auto-tuned, you can set all values to 0: `[ { "type": "linear_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 }, { "type": "angular_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 } ]`, and `viam-server` will auto-tune and logs the calculated values. Tuning takes several seconds and spins the motors. To avoid tuning every time the robot starts up, copy the values from the log and add them to the configuration once tuned. For more information see [Control base velocity with a sensor](#control-base-velocity-with-a-sensor). |

Reviewer: remove

Author: not supported on wheeled?

Reviewer: no just on sensor controlled. if you use sensor controlled base you have to have another base that is the "real" base, which in the case of a rover would be wheeled, but all the controls stuff happens in sensor controlled base

> | `control_parameters` | object | Optional | A JSON object containing the coefficients for the proportional, integral, and derivative terms for linear and angular velocity. If you want these values to be auto-tuned, you can set all values to 0: `[ { "type": "linear_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 }, { "type": "angular_velocity", "p": 0, "i": 0, "d": 0 } ]`, and `viam-server` will auto-tune and logs the calculated values. Tuning takes several seconds and spins the motors. To avoid tuning every time the robot starts up, copy the values from the log and add them to the configuration once tuned. For more information see [Control base velocity with a sensor](#control-base-velocity-with-a-sensor). |

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Test the base

{{< readfile "/static/include/components/test-control/base-control.md" >}}

> 
> ## Control base velocity with a sensor
> 
> {{< readfile "/static/include/components/base-sensor.md" >}}

Author: ```suggestion
```
